Fix #1428 to add the usage.adoc (#1457)
apache/camel-quarkus: extensions/jta/runtime/src/main/doc/usage.adoc

> This extension could be used when you need the `transacted()` in the router. It leverages the transaction capability provided by the narayana-jta extension in the Quarkus. 
> 
> 
> Refer to the https://quarkus.io/guides/transaction[Quarkus Transaction guide] for the more details about the transaction. For a simple usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension should be added when you need to use the `transacted()` EIP in the router. It leverages the transaction capabilities provided by the narayana-jta extension in Quarkus. 

Refer to the https://quarkus.io/guides/transaction[Quarkus Transaction guide] for the more details about transaction support. For a simple usage:
```

Author: Thanks @jamesnetherton - it looks good to me !
